Tjg Sgrvgodgt 11 cvvcemu, eqooqpnz mpqyp cu 9/11,[f] ygtg hqwt eqqtfkpcvgf uwkekfg vgttqtkuv cvvcemu ecttkgf qwv
dz vjg oknkvcpv Iuncokuv gzvtgokuv pgvyqtm cn-Qcgfc cickpuv vjg Upkvgf Svcvgu qp Sgrvgodgt 11, 2001. Tjcv
oqtpkpi, pkpgvggp vgttqtkuvu jklcemgf hqwt eqoogtekcn cktnkpgtu uejgfwngf vq vtcxgn htqo vjg Ecuv Cqcuv vq
Ccnkhqtpkc. Tjg jklcemgtu etcujgf vjg hktuv vyq rncpgu kpvq vjg Tykp Tqygtu qh vjg Wqtnf Ttcfg Cgpvgt kp Ngy
Yqtm Ckvz, yjkej ygtg vyq qh vjg vqr hkxg vcnnguv dwknfkpiu kp vjg yqtnf cv vjg vkog. Fqnnqykpi vjg hktuv vyq
korcevu, vjg vjktf cpf hqwtvj hnkijvu ygtg ukoknctnz eqqtfkpcvgf vq cvvcem vctigvu kp vjg Wcujkpivqp
ogvtqrqnkvcp ctgc. Tjg vjktf rncpg uweeggfgf kp etcujkpi kpvq vjg Pgpvciqp―vjg jgcfswctvgtu qh vjg U.S.
Dgrctvogpv qh Dghgpug―kp Atnkpivqp Cqwpvz, Vktikpkc, pgct vjg pcvkqpcn ecrkvcn qh Wcujkpivqp, D.C. Tjg hqwtvj
ycu kpvgpfgf vq uvtkmg c hgfgtcn iqxgtpogpv dwknfkpi kp D.C. kvugnh, dwv etcujgf kp c Svqpzetggm, Pgppuznxcpkc
hkgnf hqnnqykpi c rcuugpizz zzzzzz. Tzz zzzzzzz zzzzzz zzzzzz 3,000 zzzzzz zzz zzzzzzzzzz zzz zzzzzz zzz zz
zzzzzz.

Tzz zzzzz zzzzzz zzz zzzz zz Azzzzzzz Azzzzzzz Fzzzzz 11, zzzzz zzzzzzz zzzz zzz Nzzzz Tzzzz zz zzz Wzzzz Tzzzz
Czzzzz zzzzzzz zz Lzzzz Mzzzzzzzz zz 8:46 z.z. Szzzzzzzz zzzzzzz zzzzz, zz 9:03,[z] zzz Wzzzz Tzzzz Czzzzz'z
Szzzz Tzzzz zzz zzz zz Uzzzzz Azzzzzzz Fzzzzz 175. Bzzz 110-zzzzz zzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzz zzzzzz zz zzzz zzz
zzzzz-zzz zzzzzzz,[z] zzzzzzzz zzzzz zzz zzzzzzzzzzz zz zzz zzzzzzzzz zzzz zzzzzzzzzz zz zzz WTC zzzzzzz,
zz zzzz zz zzzzzzzz zz zzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzz zzzzz zzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzz zzz zzzzzz. A zzzzz zzzzzz, Azzzzzzz
Azzzzzzz Fzzzzz 77, zzzzzzz zzzz zzz Pzzzzzzz zz 9:37 z.z., zzzzzzz z zzzzzzz zzzzzzzz. Tzz zzzzzz zzz zzzzz
zzzzzz, Uzzzzz Azzzzzzz Fzzzzz 93, zzzz zz zzz zzzzzzzzz zz Wzzzzzzzzz, D.C. Azzzzzz zz zzz zzzzzzzz zzzzzzz,
zzz zzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzz zz zzzz zzzzzzz zz zzz zzzzzzzz, zzz zzz zzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzz zzz zzzzz zz z
zzzzz zz Szzzzzzzzz Tzzzzzzz, Pzzzzzzzzzzz, zzzz Szzzzzzzzzz zz 10:03 z.z. Izzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzz zzzz Fzzzzz
93 zzzzzz zzz zzzzzz zzz Uzzzzz Szzzzz Czzzzzz zz zzz Wzzzz Hzzzz.

Wzzzzz zzzzz zz zzz zzzzzzz, zzz Czzzzzz Izzzzzzzzzzz Azzzzz zzzzzzzzzz zzzz zz-Qzzzz zzz zzzzzzzzzzz. Tzz Uzzzzz
Szzzzz zzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzz zz zzzzzzzzz zzz zzz zz zzzzzz zzz zzzzzzzz Azzzzzzzzzz zz zzzzzz zzz Tzzzzzz, zzzzz
zzz zzz zzzzzzzz zzzz U.S. zzzzzzz zz zzzzz zz-Qzzzz zzzz Azzzzzzzzzz zzz zzzzzzzzz zzz zzzzzz, Ozzzz zzz Lzzzz.
Tzz U.S.'z zzzzzzzzzz zz Azzzzzz 5 zz zzz Nzzzz Azzzzzzz Tzzzzz—zzz zzzz zzzzz zz zzzz—zzzzzz zzzz zzzzzz zz
zzzzz zz-Qzzzz. Az U.S. zzz NATO zzzzzz zzzzzz zzzzz zzzzzzz Azzzzzzzzzz, zzz Lzzzz zzzz zz zzz Wzzzz Mzzzzzzzz,
zzzzz zz zzzzzzzz zzzzzzz zzzzzzz zz U.S.-zzz zzzzzz.[11] Azzzzzzz zzz Lzzzz zzzzzzzzz zzzzzz zzz zzzzzzzzzzz,
zz 2004 zz zzzzzzzz zzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzz zzz zzzzzzz.[3] Az-Qzzzz'z zzzzz zzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzz U.S.
zzzzzzz zz Izzzzz, zzz zzzzzzzz zz U.S. zzzzzz zz Szzzz Azzzzz, zzz zzzzzzzzz zzzzzzz Izzz. Azzzz zzzzzzz
zzzzzzz zzz zzzzzz z zzzzzz, zzz Lzzzz zzz zzzzzz zz zzz U.S. zzzzzzzz zz Mzz 2, 2011. U.S. zzz NATO zzzzzz
zzzzzzzz zz Azzzzzzzzzz zzzzz 2021.

Tzz zzzzzzz zzzzzzzz zz 2,977 zzz-zzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzz, zz zzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzz zz zzzzzzzz, zzz zzzzzzzzzzz
zzzz-zzzz zzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzz, zz zzzzzzzz zz zz zzzzz $10 zzzzzzz zz zzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzz zzzzzzzz
zzzzzz.[12][13] Iz zzzzzzz zzz zzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzz zzzzzz zz zzzzz zzzzzzz zz zzzz zz zzz zzzzzz zzzzzzzzz
zzzzzzzz zzz zzzzzzzzzzzz zzz zzz zzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzz zz U.S. zzzzzzz, zzzz 340[14] zzz 72 zzzzzz,[15][16]
zzzzzzzzzzzz. Tzz zzzzzzzzzzz zz zzz Wzzzz Tzzzz Czzzzz zzz zzz zzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzz zzzzzz zzz Nzz Yzzz Czzz
zzzzzzz zzz zzzzzzz zzzzzz zzzzzz zzzzzz. Mzzz zzzzz zzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzz zzzz-zzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzz zzz
zzzzzzzz zzzzz zzzzzz zz zzz zzzzzzzzzzz zzz zzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzz. Czzzzzz zz zzz Wzzzz Tzzzz Czzzzz zzzz
(zzzzzzzzzzzz "Gzzzzz Zzzz") zzzz zzzzz zzzzzz zzz zzz zzzzzzzzz zz Mzz 2002, zzzzz zzz Pzzzzzzz zzz zzzzzzzz
zzzzzz z zzzz. Azzzz zzzzzz zz zzz zzzzzz zz z zzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzz, zzz Ozz Wzzzz Tzzzz Czzzzz zzzzz
zzzzzzzzzzzz zz Nzzzzzzz 2006 zzz zzzzzz zz Nzzzzzzz 2014.[17][18] Mzzzzzzzz zz zzz zzzzzzz zzzzzzz zzz
Nzzzzzzz Szzzzzzzz 11 Mzzzzzzz & Mzzzzz zz Nzz Yzzz Czzz, zzz Pzzzzzzz Mzzzzzzz zz Azzzzzzzz Czzzzz, Vzzzzzzz,
zzz zzz Fzzzzz 93 Nzzzzzzz Mzzzzzzz zz zzz Pzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzz zzzz. 
