The September 11 attacks, c_mm_nly kn_wn as 9/11,[d] were f_ur c__rdinated suicide terr_rist attacks carried _ut
by the militant Islamist extremist netw_rk al-Qaeda against the United States _n September 11, 2001. That
m_rning, nineteen terr_rists hijacked f_ur c_mmercial airliners scheduled t_ travel fr_m the East C_ast t_
Calif_rnia. The hijackers crashed the first tw_ planes int_ the Twin T_wers _f the W_rld Trade Center in New
Y_rk City, which were tw_ _f the t_p five tallest buildings in the w_rld at the time. F_ll_wing the first tw_
impacts, the third and f_urth flights were similarly c__rdinated t_ attack targets in the Washingt_n
metr_p_litan area. The third plane succeeded in crashing int_ the Pentag_n―the headquarters _f the U.S.
Department _f Defense―in Arlingt_n C_unty, Virginia, near the nati_nal capital _f Washingt_n, D.C. The f_urth
was intended t_ strike a federal g_vernment building in D.C. itself, but crashed in a St_nycreek, Pennsylvania
field f_ll_wing a passenger rev_lt. The attacks killed nearly 3,000 pe_ple and instigated the gl_bal war _n
terr_r.

The first impact was that _f American Airlines Flight 11, which crashed int_ the N_rth T_wer _f the W_rld Trade
Center c_mplex in L_wer Manhattan at 8:46 a.m. Seventeen minutes later, at 9:03,[e] the W_rld Trade Center's
S_uth T_wer was hit by United Airlines Flight 175. B_th 110-st_ry skyscrapers c_llapsed within an h_ur and
f_rty-_ne minutes,[f] bringing ab_ut the destructi_n _f the remaining five structures in the WTC c_mplex,
as well as damaging _r destr_ying vari_us _ther buildings surr_unding the t_wers. A third flight, American
Airlines Flight 77, crashed int_ the Pentag_n at 9:37 a.m., causing a partial c_llapse. The f_urth and final
flight, United Airlines Flight 93, flew in the directi_n _f Washingt_n, D.C. Alerted t_ the previ_us attacks,
the passengers attempted t_ gain c_ntr_l _f the aircraft, but the hijackers ultimately crashed the plane in a
field in St_nycreek T_wnship, Pennsylvania, near Shanksville at 10:03 a.m. Investigat_rs determined that Flight
93 target was either the United States Capit_l _r the White H_use.

Within h_urs _f the attacks, the Central Intelligence Agency determined that al-Qaeda was resp_nsible. The United
States f_rmally resp_nded by launching the war _n terr_r and invading Afghanistan t_ dep_se the Taliban, which
had n_t c_mplied with U.S. demands t_ expel al-Qaeda fr_m Afghanistan and extradite its leader, Osama bin Laden.
The U.S.'s inv_cati_n _f Article 5 _f the N_rth Atlantic Treaty—its _nly usage t_ date—called up_n allies t_
fight al-Qaeda. As U.S. and NATO gr_und f_rces swept thr_ugh Afghanistan, bin Laden fled t_ the White M_untains,
where he narr_wly av_ided capture by U.S.-led f_rces.[11] Alth_ugh bin Laden initially denied any inv_lvement,
in 2004 he f_rmally claimed resp_nsibility f_r the attacks.[3] Al-Qaeda's cited m_tivati_ns included U.S.
supp_rt _f Israel, the presence _f U.S. tr__ps in Saudi Arabia, and sancti_ns against Iraq. After evading
capture f_r alm_st a decade, bin Laden was killed by the U.S. military _n May 2, 2011. U.S. and NATO tr__ps
remained in Afghanistan until 2021.

The attacks resulted in 2,977 n_n-hijacker fatalities, an indeterminate number _f injuries, and substantial
l_ng-term health c_nsequences, in additi_n t_ at least $10 billi_n in infrastructure and pr_perty
damage.[12][13] It remains the deadliest terr_rist attack in human hist_ry as well as the single deadliest
incident f_r firefighters and law enf_rcement _fficers in U.S. hist_ry, with 340[14] and 72 killed,[15][16]
respectively. The destructi_n _f the W_rld Trade Center and its envir_ns seri_usly harmed the New Y_rk City
ec_n_my and induced gl_bal market sh_cks. Many _ther c_untries strengthened anti-terr_rism legislati_n and
expanded their p_wers _f law enf_rcement and intelligence agencies. Cleanup _f the W_rld Trade Center site
(c_ll_quially "Gr_und Zer_") t__k eight m_nths and was c_mpleted in May 2002, while the Pentag_n was repaired
within a year. After delays in the design _f a replacement c_mplex, the One W_rld Trade Center began
c_nstructi_n in N_vember 2006 and _pened in N_vember 2014.[17][18] Mem_rials t_ the attacks include the
Nati_nal September 11 Mem_rial & Museum in New Y_rk City, the Pentag_n Mem_rial in Arlingt_n C_unty, Virginia,
and the Flight 93 Nati_nal Mem_rial at the Pennsylvania crash site. 